EZEE-3422: Updated Product name, license, and copyright information (#55)
ezsystems/ezplatform-i18n: README.md

# Ibexa i18n

[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/ezplatform/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/ezplatform)

## Introduction

This is a meta repository that centralizes Ibexa translations to ease synchronization with Crowdin.

**Important** : This repository is not supposed to be used on a production project, each translation will be 
split into a dedicated package.

## Crowdin

> If you want to help us on translating Ibexa Open Source feel free to contribute on [Ibexa project on Crowdin][crowdin-ezplatform].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to help us translate Ibexa Open Source, feel free to contribute on the [Ibexa project on Crowdin][crowdin-ezplatform].
```
Is it OSS only?

Author: > Is it OSS only?

No idea. @mikadamczyk?
